all right so the first thing you're
going to need is to measure out two and
a half cups of sugar and we're going to
put it into this pot here we go that's a
lot of sugar we're putting in here okay
that's two cups right there alright this
goes in here too
then get one cup of water showing here
now and you can see I'm going to put
this in here and you see how the sugar
starts dissolving right away and just
sinks in there I got myself would spoon
because I know it's going to get really
hot stirring it around now and turn on
the stove and turning it up pretty much
too high here and we're going to let
this get hotter and hotter until it gets
to a boil so you can see it's getting
thinner now and getting hotter in fact a
lot of its dissolved at this point but
we're going to let this go until we get
a little boil here it is starting to
boil and you'll see look at how it's
starting to foam up and at first you
might think that this is going to boil
over but in fact in just a moment or so
it should suddenly clear up
and we're going to wait for it
see now the bubbles are starting to go
down again
Hey oh wow and now you can see I'm going
to turn this off now you can see now
we've got a nice clear nice clear
solution so I'm going to take this off
and then hopefully your jar isn't gonna
break I'm using this flask and I'm just
going to pour this in here now a little
left over but that's okay looks like
urine a little bit Brown because the you
know it's like caramel the sugar gets a
little bit Brown okay and now I'm going
to let this sit really for about
probably an hour an hour and a half just
to get it to cool off in the meantime
I've prepared the string and a weight
and a stick that I'm going to be placing
into here but what I've done already is
that I've wet the string and then I
placed it in here and kind of rolled it
around in the sugar there's some sugar
in here and I let it dry so that now
there are little sugar crystals you
probably can't see them on the string
alright now just put a loose cover on it
like this I still want some airflow but
I want to keep the dust out and I also
want to prevent it from cooling too
quickly on the surface because I like it
to cool more uniformly so I've let this
thing cool down a little bit and now I'm
gonna place the string in wait and you
can see how it's goes down about
two-thirds three-quarters of the way and
I'm going to make sure I Center it and
then I'm going to put that loose cover
back down then we're going to watch that
for about two weeks
all right it's been about two weeks here
so I'm going to pull this out why should
come over and look at this and see
there's a crust on the top that's okay
I'm trying to pull this out and I can
feel doesn't want whoa there we go
and I came out here way is a lot smaller
looking than it looked at it when it was
in there but that's okay so sometimes
you really can't pull it out very well
in that case you know just go ahead and
crush the top little layer sometimes
what you can do is pour out the goop and
then and then pour some hot water around
the edges and that will eventually let
it release for now I'm just going to put
this over here you let it hang and dry
okay so this is now pretty dry looks
good but I'd like to get rid of this
stuff up here so the crystal looks nicer
so I'm going to bring it over to the
sink some of this I can just break off
like that but if you want it if you
really want to shape it exactly the way
one you create a little stream of very
hot water I've already preheated this
and just kind of run it over the where
you want it to go away kind of sculpt it
in a way with the hot water and that's
pretty good like that and then I'm just
going to put it in here and let it do
its file drying and we've got a complete
crystal
you